docs/content/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Primer Components
---

React components for the [Primer Design System](https://primer.style)

## Installation

Install `@primer/components` in your project with npm:

```
npm install @primer/components
```

## Usage

All of our components are exported by name from `@primer/components`, so you can import them with:

```js
import {
  Box,
  Button,
  Heading,
  Text
} from '@primer/components'
```

Primer Components come with all the necessary CSS built-in, so you don't need to worry about including [Primer CSS].

#### Base styles

You can establish base Primer styles for your app by wrapping all of your Primer components in `<BaseStyles>`:

```jsx
import {BaseStyles, Box, Heading} from '@primer/components'

export default () => (
  <BaseStyles>
    <Box m={4}>
      <Heading mb={2}>Hello, world!</Heading>
      <p>This will get Primer text styles.</p>
    </Box>
  </BaseStyles>
)
```

This will set the `color`, `font-family`, and `line-height` CSS properties to the same ones used [to style `<body>` in Primer CSS](https://github.com/primer/css/blob/master/src/base/base.scss#L15-L20).

#### Theming

Components are styled using Primer's [theme](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/src/theme.js) by default, but you can provide your own theme by using [styled-component's][styled-components] `<ThemeProvider>`. If you'd like to fully replace the Primer [theme](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/src/theme.js) with your custom theme, pass your theme to the `<ThemeProvider>` in the root of your application like so:

```jsx
import {ThemeProvider} from 'styled-components'

const theme = { ... }

const App = (props) => {
  return (
    <div>
      <ThemeProvider theme={theme}>
        <div>your app here</div>
      </ThemeProvider>
    </div>
  )
}

```

If you'd like to merge the Primer theme with your theme, you can do so importing the Primer theme and merging using Object.assign:

```jsx
import {ThemeProvider} from 'styled-components'
import {theme} from '@primer/components'

const customTheme = { ... }


const App = (props) => {
  return (
    <div>
      <ThemeProvider theme={Object.assign({}, theme, customTheme)}> // matching keys in customTheme will override keys in the Primer theme
        <div>your app here</div>
      </ThemeProvider>
    </div>
  )
}
```

*Note that using `Object.assign` will only create a shallow merge. This means that if both themes have a `color` object, the _entire_ `color` object will be replaced with the new `color` object, instead of only replacing duplicate values from the original theme's color object.

#### Static CSS rendering

If you're rendering React components both server-side _and_ client-side, we suggest following [styled-component's server-side rendering instructions](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/advanced#server-side-rendering) to avoid the flash of unstyled content for server-rendered components. This repo's [documentation template component](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/pages/_document.js) demonstrates how to do this in [Next.js].

## Local Development

To run `@primer/components` locally when adding or updating components:

1. Clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/primer/components`
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
1. Run the dev app: `npm start`

> 👉 See [the contributing docs](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info on code style, testing, and coverage.


## Principles

- Everything is a component.
- Aim for total style encapsulation; don't rely on inheritance to provide default styles.
- Build small building blocks with minimal props to keep complexity low.
- Keep system constrained by only including props needed per component.
- Favor extending or wrapping components for more complex operations.
- Maintain design system consistency with utilities as props (for spacing, color, font-size, line-height, widths, and radii).


[styled-components]: https://www.styled-components.com/docs
[Primer CSS]: https://github.com/primer/primer
[flash of unstyled content]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flash_of_unstyled_content
[Next.js]: https://github.com/zeit/next.js

Commit message:

what even are primer components

docs/content/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Primer Components
---
## What are Primer Components?

Primer Components are React components which implement GitHub's Primer Design System 🎉


## Installation

Install `@primer/components` in your project with npm:

```
npm install @primer/components
```

## Usage

All of our components are exported by name from `@primer/components`, so you can import them with:

```js
import {
  Box,
  Button,
  Heading,
  Text
} from '@primer/components'
```

Primer Components come with all the necessary CSS built-in, so you don't need to worry about including [Primer CSS].

#### Base styles

You can establish base Primer styles for your app by wrapping all of your Primer components in `<BaseStyles>`:

```jsx
import {BaseStyles, Box, Heading} from '@primer/components'

export default () => (
  <BaseStyles>
    <Box m={4}>
      <Heading mb={2}>Hello, world!</Heading>
      <p>This will get Primer text styles.</p>
    </Box>
  </BaseStyles>
)
```

This will set the `color`, `font-family`, and `line-height` CSS properties to the same ones used [to style `<body>` in Primer CSS](https://github.com/primer/css/blob/master/src/base/base.scss#L15-L20).

#### Theming

Components are styled using Primer's [theme](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/src/theme.js) by default, but you can provide your own theme by using [styled-component's][styled-components] `<ThemeProvider>`. If you'd like to fully replace the Primer [theme](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/src/theme.js) with your custom theme, pass your theme to the `<ThemeProvider>` in the root of your application like so:

```jsx
import {ThemeProvider} from 'styled-components'

const theme = { ... }

const App = (props) => {
  return (
    <div>
      <ThemeProvider theme={theme}>
        <div>your app here</div>
      </ThemeProvider>
    </div>
  )
}

```

If you'd like to merge the Primer theme with your theme, you can do so importing the Primer theme and merging using Object.assign:

```jsx
import {ThemeProvider} from 'styled-components'
import {theme} from '@primer/components'

const customTheme = { ... }


const App = (props) => {
  return (
    <div>
      <ThemeProvider theme={Object.assign({}, theme, customTheme)}> // matching keys in customTheme will override keys in the Primer theme
        <div>your app here</div>
      </ThemeProvider>
    </div>
  )
}
```

*Note that using `Object.assign` will only create a shallow merge. This means that if both themes have a `color` object, the _entire_ `color` object will be replaced with the new `color` object, instead of only replacing duplicate values from the original theme's color object.

#### Static CSS rendering

If you're rendering React components both server-side _and_ client-side, we suggest following [styled-component's server-side rendering instructions](https://www.styled-components.com/docs/advanced#server-side-rendering) to avoid the flash of unstyled content for server-rendered components. This repo's [documentation template component](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/pages/_document.js) demonstrates how to do this in [Next.js].

## Local Development

To run `@primer/components` locally when adding or updating components:

1. Clone this repo: `git clone https://github.com/primer/components`
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
1. Run the dev app: `npm start`

> 👉 See [the contributing docs](https://github.com/primer/components/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info on code style, testing, and coverage.


## Principles

- Everything is a component.
- Aim for total style encapsulation; don't rely on inheritance to provide default styles.
- Build small building blocks with minimal props to keep complexity low.
- Keep system constrained by only including props needed per component.
- Favor extending or wrapping components for more complex operations.
- Maintain design system consistency with utilities as props (for spacing, color, font-size, line-height, widths, and radii).


[styled-components]: https://www.styled-components.com/docs
[Primer CSS]: https://github.com/primer/primer
[flash of unstyled content]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flash_of_unstyled_content
[Next.js]: https://github.com/zeit/next.js
