docs/content/overriding-styles.mdx, before:

---
title: Overriding styles with the sx prop
---

Our goal with Primer Components is to hit the sweet spot between providing too little and too much styling flexibility; too little and the design system is too rigid, and too much and it becomes too difficult to maintain a consistent style. Our components already support a standard set of [system props](/system-props), but sometimes a component just isn't *quite* flexible enough to look the way you need it to look. For those cases, we provide the `sx` prop.

The `sx` prop allows ad-hoc styling that is still theme aware. Declare the styles you want to apply in camel-cased object notation, and any values use appropriate theme values; for example, any `color` property values will use the values from the `colors` key in the theme.

## When to use the `sx` prop

The `sx` prop provides a lot of power, which means it is an easy tool to abuse. To best make use of it, we recommend following these guidelines:

* Only use the `sx` prop for small stylistic changes to components. For more substantial changes, create your own wrapper using `styled-components`.
* Use [system props](/system-props) instead of the `sx` prop whenever possible.
* Avoid nesting and pseudo-selectors in `sx` prop values when possible.

## Basic example

This example demonstrates applying a bottom border to `Heading`, a component that does not receive `BORDER` system props. The `borderBottomWidth` value comes from `theme.borderWidths` and `borderBottomColor` comes from `theme.colors`.

```jsx live
<Heading pb={2}>Heading</Heading>

<Heading
  pb={2}
  sx={{
    borderBottomWidth: 1,
    borderBottomColor: 'border.gray',
    borderBottomStyle: 'solid'
  }}>
    Heading with bottom border
</Heading>
```

## Responsive values

Just like [values passed to system props](https://styled-system.com/responsive-styles), values in the `sx` prop can be provided as arrays to provide responsive styling.

```jsx live
<BorderBox
  p={2}
  sx={{
    bg: ['red.1', 'green.1', 'blue.1', 'purple.1', 'yellow.1']
  }}>
    Responsive background color
</BorderBox>
```

## Nesting, pseudo-classes, and pseudo-elements

The `sx` prop also allows for declaring styles based on media queries, psueudo-classes, and pseudo-elements. This example, though contrived, demonstrates the ability:

```jsx live
<Box sx={{
  '> *': {
    borderWidth: 1,
    borderColor: 'border.gray',
    borderStyle: 'solid',
    borderBottomWidth: 0,
    padding: 2,
    ':last-child': {
      borderBottomWidth: 1
    },
    ':hover': {
      bg: 'gray.1'
    }
  }
}}>
  <Box>First</Box>
  <Box>Second</Box>
  <Box>Third</Box>
</Box>
```

Commit message:

Add note on custom theme to sx prop docs

docs/content/overriding-styles.mdx, after:

---
title: Overriding styles with the sx prop
---

Our goal with Primer Components is to hit the sweet spot between providing too little and too much styling flexibility; too little and the design system is too rigid, and too much and it becomes too difficult to maintain a consistent style. Our components already support a standard set of [system props](/system-props), but sometimes a component just isn't *quite* flexible enough to look the way you need it to look. For those cases, we provide the `sx` prop.

The `sx` prop allows ad-hoc styling that is still theme aware. Declare the styles you want to apply in camel-cased object notation, and try to use theme values in appropriate CSS properties when possible. If you've passed a custom theme using `ThemeProvider` or a `theme` prop, the `sx` prop will honor the custom theme. For more information on theming in Primer Components, check out [the Primer Theme documentation](/primer-theme).

## When to use the `sx` prop

The `sx` prop provides a lot of power, which means it is an easy tool to abuse. To best make use of it, we recommend following these guidelines:

* Only use the `sx` prop for small stylistic changes to components. For more substantial changes, create your own wrapper using `styled-components`.
* Use [system props](/system-props) instead of the `sx` prop whenever possible.
* Avoid nesting and pseudo-selectors in `sx` prop values when possible.

## Basic example

This example demonstrates applying a bottom border to `Heading`, a component that does not receive `BORDER` system props. The `borderBottomWidth` value comes from `theme.borderWidths` and `borderBottomColor` comes from `theme.colors`.

```jsx live
<Heading pb={2}>Heading</Heading>

<Heading
  pb={2}
  sx={{
    borderBottomWidth: 1,
    borderBottomColor: 'border.gray',
    borderBottomStyle: 'solid'
  }}>
    Heading with bottom border
</Heading>
```

## Responsive values

Just like [values passed to system props](https://styled-system.com/responsive-styles), values in the `sx` prop can be provided as arrays to provide responsive styling.

```jsx live
<BorderBox
  p={2}
  sx={{
    bg: ['red.1', 'green.1', 'blue.1', 'purple.1', 'yellow.1']
  }}>
    Responsive background color
</BorderBox>
```

## Nesting, pseudo-classes, and pseudo-elements

The `sx` prop also allows for declaring styles based on media queries, psueudo-classes, and pseudo-elements. This example, though contrived, demonstrates the ability:

```jsx live
<Box sx={{
  '> *': {
    borderWidth: 1,
    borderColor: 'border.gray',
    borderStyle: 'solid',
    borderBottomWidth: 0,
    padding: 2,
    ':last-child': {
      borderBottomWidth: 1
    },
    ':hover': {
      bg: 'gray.1'
    }
  }
}}>
  <Box>First</Box>
  <Box>Second</Box>
  <Box>Third</Box>
</Box>
```
