pages/components/docs/TextInput.md, before:

# TextInput

TextInput is a form component to add default styling to the native text input.

## Default example

```.jsx
<TextInput name="zipcode" />
```

## System props

TextInput components get `COMMON` system props. Read our [System Props](/components/docs/system-props) doc page for a full list of available props.

## Component props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| :- | :- | :-: | :- |
| autocomplete | String | | Allows user to set `autocomplete` attribute on input. See [MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#attr-autocomplete) for attribute documentation. |
| block | Boolean | | Adds `display: block` to element |
| disabled | Boolean | | Sets the `disabled` attribute on the element |
| id | String | | Sets the `id` attribute on the element |
| name | String | | Sets the `name` attribute on the element |
| onChange | Function | | Function to be called when content in Input changes |
| placeholder | String | | Sets the placeholder text |
| required | Boolean | | Sets the `required` attribute on the element |
| size | String | | Can be either `small` or `large`. Creates a smaller or larger input than the default.
| value | String | | Current value of the Input. |

export const meta = {displayName: 'TextInput'}

Commit message:

add aria label as standard prop

pages/components/docs/TextInput.md, after:

# TextInput

TextInput is a form component to add default styling to the native text input.
## Default example

```.jsx
<TextInput name="zipcode" />
```

## System props

TextInput components get `COMMON` system props. Read our [System Props](/components/docs/system-props) doc page for a full list of available props.

## Component props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| :- | :- | :-: | :- |
| autocomplete | String | | Allows user to set `autocomplete` attribute on input. See [MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#attr-autocomplete) for attribute documentation. |
| ariaLabel | String | | Label that describes the input for screen reader users |
| block | Boolean | | Adds `display: block` to element |
| disabled | Boolean | | Sets the `disabled` attribute on the element |
| id | String | | Sets the `id` attribute on the element |
| name | String | | Sets the `name` attribute on the element |
| onChange | Function | | Function to be called when content in Input changes |
| placeholder | String | | Sets the placeholder text |
| required | Boolean | | Sets the `required` attribute on the element |
| size | String | | Can be either `small` or `large`. Creates a smaller or larger input than the default.
| value | String | | Current value of the Input. |

export const meta = {displayName: 'TextInput'}
